FAQ - Difference between manual UI review and standard UI review (#463)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/troubleshooting/faq/difference-between-manual-ui-review-and-ui-review.mdx

---
layout: "../../../layouts/FAQLayout.astro"
sidebar: { hide: true }
title: What's the difference between a standard UI Review and a manual UI Review?
section: "uiTestsAndReview"
---

# What's the difference between a standard UI Review and a manual UI Review?

> [Manual UI Reviews](/docs/manual-ui-review/) are available for [unlinked projects](/docs/access/#unlinked-projects). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard UI Reviews are linked to a specific pull or merge request and are automatically triggered when you open one. These reviews are only available in [linked projects](/docs/access/#linked-projects).
```
